Add user-defined sharding section (#446)
qdrant/landing_page: qdrant-landing/content/documentation/guides/distributed_deployment.md

    sharding_method=models.ShardingMethod.CUSTOM,
    # ... other collection parameters
)
```

```typescript
import { QdrantClient } from "@qdrant/js-client-rest";

const client = new QdrantClient({ host: "localhost", port: 6333 });

client.createCollection("{collection_name}", {
    shard_number: 1,
    sharding_method: "custom",
    // ... other collection parameters
});
```

```rust

use qdrant_client::{
    client::QdrantClient,
    qdrant::{CreateCollection, ShardingMethod},
};

let client = QdrantClient::from_url("http://localhost:6334").build()?;

client
    .create_collection(&CreateCollection {
        collection_name: "{collection_name}".to_string(),
        shard_number: Some(1),
        sharding_method: Some(ShardingMethod::Custom),
        ..Default::default()
    })
    .await?;
```

In this mode, the `shard_number` means the number of shards per shard key, where points will be distributed evenly. For example, if you have 10 shard keys and a collection config with these settings:
```
{
    "shard_number": 1,
    "sharding_method": "custom"
    "replication_factor": 2
}
```

Then you will have `1 * 10 * 2 = 20` total physical shards in the collection.

> To specify the shard for each point, you need to provide the `shard_key` field in the point payload:

Reviewer: I think we better not name it '* payload' anywhere as the shard key isn't actually in payload data. It could be confusing for users.

```suggestion
To specify the shard for each point, you need to provide the `shard_key` field in the upsert request:
```

Author: I wondered why copilot kept putting it inside the payload! I wrote the wrong thing here

        models.Point(
            id=1111,
            vector=[0.1, 0.2, 0.3],
        ),
    ],
    shard_key="user_1",
)
```

```typescript

client.upsertPoints("{collection_name}", {
    points: [
        {
            id: 1111,
            vector: [0.1, 0.2, 0.3],
        },
    ],
    shard_key: "user_1",
});
```

```rust

use qdrant_client::qdrant::{PointStruct, WriteOrdering, WriteOrderingType};

client
    .upsert_points_blocking(
        "{collection_name}",
        Some(vec![shard_key::Key::String("user_1".to_string())]),
        vec![
            PointStruct::new(
                1111,
                vec![0.1, 0.2, 0.3],
                Default::default(),
            ),
        ],
        None,
    )
    .await?;
```

<aside role="alert">
When using custom sharding, IDs are only enforced to be unique within a shard key. This means that you can have multiple points with the same ID, if they have different shard keys.

This is a limitation of the current implementation, and is an anti-pattern that should be avoided because it can create scenarios of points with the same ID to have different contents. In the future, we plan to add a global ID uniqueness check.

> </aside>

Reviewer: Not sure about this one.

Maybe we should just state:

> Using the same point ID across multiple shard keys is not supported and should be avoided.

Author: Added your concise description first 👍

```
{
    "shard_number": 1,
    "sharding_method": "custom"
    "replication_factor": 2
}
```

Then you will have `1 * 10 * 2 = 20` total physical shards in the collection.

To specify the shard for each point, you need to provide the `shard_key` field in the upsert request:

```http
PUT /collections/{collection_name}/points
{
    "points": [
        {
            "id": 1111,
            "vector": [0.1, 0.2, 0.3]
        },
    ]
    "shard_key": "user_1"
}
```

```python
from qdrant_client import QdrantClient
from qdrant_client.http import models

client = QdrantClient("localhost", port=6333)

client.upsert_points(
    collection_name="{collection_name}",
    points=[
        models.Point(
            id=1111,
            vector=[0.1, 0.2, 0.3],
        ),
    ],
    shard_key="user_1",
)
```

```typescript

client.upsertPoints("{collection_name}", {
    points: [
        {
            id: 1111,
            vector: [0.1, 0.2, 0.3],
        },
    ],
    shard_key: "user_1",
});
```

```rust

use qdrant_client::qdrant::{PointStruct, WriteOrdering, WriteOrderingType};

client
    .upsert_points_blocking(
        "{collection_name}",

>         Some(vec![shard_key::Key::String("user_1".to_string())]),

Reviewer 2: Into?
